Skip to main content
/
Help
Log In
Sign Up
Home
Watchlist
Stocks
Stock Screener
Stock Exchanges
Comparison Tool
Earnings Calendar
By Industry
Stock Lists
Top Analysts
Top Stocks
Corporate Actions
IPOs
ETFs
News
Trending
Private Companies
Technical Chart
Fundamental Chart
Market Movers
Market Newsletter
Stock Analysis Pro
Tools
Collapse
Apple Inc. (AAPL)
NASDAQ: AAPL · Real-Time Price · USD
Full Chart
Watchlist
Alerts
Compare
316.85 -2.85 (-0.89%)
At close: Aug 31, 2026, 4:00 PM EDT
317.05 +0.20 (0.06%)
After-hours:
Aug 31, 2026, 6:47 PM EDT
Overview
Financials
Forecast
Statistics
Metrics
Dividends
History
Profile
Chart 
1D
5D
1M
YTD
3M
6M
1Y
5Y
Max
-0.89%
(1D)
	
	

	
	
Market Cap	4.62T +35.2%
Revenue (ttm)	466.82B +14.2%
Net Income	128.93B +29.9%
EPS	8.72 +32.6%
Shares Out
	14.59B
PE Ratio	36.68
Forward PE	34.91
Dividend	$1.08 (0.34%)
Ex-Dividend Date	Aug 10, 2026
Volume	41,233,181
Open	319.60
Previous Close	319.70
Day's Range	312.80 - 321.24
52-Week Range	225.95 - 344.57
Beta	1.09
Analysts	Buy
Price Target	324.45 (+2.4%)
Earnings Date	Jul 30, 2026
About AAPL

Apple Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables, and accessories worldwide. The company offers iPhone, a line of smartphones; Mac, a line of personal computers; iPad, a line of multi-purpose tablets; and wearables, home, and accessories comprising AirPods, Apple Vision Pro, Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats products, and HomePod, as well as Apple branded and third-party accessories. It also provides AppleCare support and cloud services; and operates various platforms, including the App Store that all... [Read more]

Industry
Consumer Electronics
Sector
Technology
IPO Date
Dec 12, 1980
Employees
166,000
Stock Exchange
NASDAQ
Ticker Symbol
AAPL
Website
https://www.apple.com
Full Company Profile
Financial Performance

In fiscal year 2025, Apple's revenue was $416.16 billion, an increase of 6.43% compared to the previous year's $391.04 billion. Earnings were $112.01 billion, an increase of 19.50%.

Financial Statements
Analyst Summary

According to 44 analysts, the average rating for AAPL stock is "Buy." The 12-month stock price target is $324.45, which is an increase of 2.40% from the latest price.

Price Target
$324.45
(2.40% upside)
Analyst Consensus: Buy
Stock Forecasts
News
All
Videos
Press Releases
Transcripts
Filings
Conversation
Apple Veteran Phil Schiller Exits App Store Role

Apple veteran Phil Schiller has stepped down from overseeing the App Store and the company's product events, adding another leadership change just as John Ternus prepares to take over as CEO. Schiller...

1 hour ago - PYMNTS
Apple alleges OpenAI employee accessed circuit plans after joining startup

Apple on Monday alleged that ​a defendant in its trade ‌secret case against ChatGPT creator OpenAI accessed a power converter circuit schematic ​while at OpenAI, according to ​a filing in U.S. federal...

2 hours ago - Reuters
Monday's Final Takeaways: Mortgage Rates Surge, Tim Cook Steps Down as AAPL CEO

The housing market sees lasting headwinds as mortgage rates hit one-year highs. Marley Kayden discusses the broader implications it has for the sector, along with what Tim Cook stepping down as the CE...

2 hours ago - Schwab Network
Apple CEO Tim Cook gives nod to founder Steve Jobs in final memo

Apple's chief executive Tim Cook bid farewell to the tech giant on Monday, paying tribute to founder Steve Jobs and praising staff as "extraordinary" as he passed the baton to incoming CEO John Ternus...

3 hours ago - TechXplore
Tim Cook's last day as Apple CEO: How he led the tech giant's rise to $4T

Apple CEO Tim Cook's 15-year tenure launched the Apple Watch, Apple Pay, AirPods and Apple TV+ before handing the reins to John Ternus.

3 hours ago - Fox Business
Apple's Tim Cook wraps up 15-year tenure as CEO; John Ternus readies for top job during challenging time

Apple treated Tim Cook to a farewell tour as he wrapped up his 15-year tenure as CEO on Monday and passed the reins to successor John Ternus – who faces challenges ranging from a troubled AI rollout t...

3 hours ago - New York Post
Apple's top App Store exec, Phil Schiller, follows wave of exits as CEO Tim Cook steps down

Tim Cook is departing from his long-held role as Apple's CEO — and a wave of top executives are heading for the exits as he does.

3 hours ago - TechCrunch
How Apple's New CEO Will Shape the iPhone Maker

Apple begins a new era as John Ternus takes over from Tim Cook on September 1st. Bloomberg's Mark Gurman explains why the transition is likely to be gradual, how Ternus could reshape decision-making a...

4 hours ago - Bloomberg Technology
Apple’s (AAPL) Phil Schiller Exits Key Roles Just as Tim Cook Leaves the CEO Seat

Apple’s ($AAPL) Phil Schiller, one of the tech giant’s key leaders, has stepped down from running the App Store and Apple’s product-launch events, Bloomberg reported. Schiller has been a key…

4 hours ago - TipRanks
Apple’s Schiller steps down as App Store, product events lead, Bloomberg says

Apple’s (AAPL) Phil Schiller is stepping down from his position leading the tech giant’s App Store and product events, Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman reports. The executive, who previously served as the…

4 hours ago - TheFly
Tim Cook's Final Day as Apple CEO: How His 15-Year Tenure Transformed the Company's Stock

Tim Cook's run as Apple's CEO ends today as one of among the most profitable in corporate history, and he leaves with the company's stock near the record high it set this summer.

4 hours ago - Investopedia
Apple Stock (AAPL) Rose 2,256% During Tim Cook’s 15 Years as CEO

Cook has presided over huge growth at Apple and its share price.

4 hours ago - TipRanks
Apple stock falls as Tim Cook signs off, Ternus faces AI and post-iPhone tests

Apple shares AAPL fell 1.8% on Monday as John Ternus prepares to take over as chief executive, succeeding Tim Cook after more than a decade at the helm. Ternus will assume control of a company valued ...

5 hours ago - Invezz
Tim Cook's parting message: Apple is in the hands of a product builder

On his last day as Apple CEO, Tim Cook offered a rousing endorsement of his successor: John Ternus, the company's senior vice president of hardware engineering. In a memo to employees, Cook reminded s...

5 hours ago - TechCrunch
Apple's New CEO Inherits an AI Strategy Built on Outsiders

John Ternus becomes CEO of Apple on Tuesday (Sept. 1), taking over a company whose defining strength has always been tight control of its own technology stack, hardware, software and the chips connect...

6 hours ago - PYMNTS
End of an era at Apple: Tim Cook's last day as CEO

Monday marks the end of an era at Apple: Tim Cook is stepping down as CEO of the company after 15 years. 'Squawk on the Street' takes a look back at Cook's Time at Apple.

7 hours ago - CNBC Television
Tim Cook's Final Day as Apple CEO: Analyzing AAPL Price Action & Options Trade

John Ternus will step up as Apple's (AAPL) first new CEO in 15 years since Tim Cook took the position in 2011. Marley Kayden recaps Apple's legacy under Cook and the stellar rise the stock has seen un...

7 hours ago - Schwab Network
Today Is Tim Cook's Last Day as Apple's CEO. John Ternus Takes Over Days Ahead of a Big Event

One of the country's most valuable companies is getting a new CEO this week.

7 hours ago - Investopedia
Nvidia, Apple and SMCI Technical Outlook After Tech Selloff

Other symbols: NVDASMCI
9 hours ago - FXEmpire
Apple Valuation Nears $5T as John Ternus Steps Up as New CEO Following 40% AAPL Rally

John Ternus becomes chief executive officer of Apple ($AAPL) on Tuesday, September 1, succeeding Tim Cook. Cook transitions into the role of executive chairman after leading the company for 15…

11 hours ago - TipRanks
Apple Stock (AAPL) Ticks Up as Subscribers Face a Fourth Apple TV Price Hike

Shares of Apple ($AAPL), the creator of the iPhone, rose over 1.6% after the company raised the price of its Apple TV streaming service on August 28. The company also increased…

12 hours ago - TipRanks
Can Apple's New CEO Rev Up the Steve Jobs Innovation Engine?

To help the company reach new heights, John Ternus must take it beyond the supply chain mastery of Tim Cook, who built it into a $5 trillion colossus.

13 hours ago - WSJ
John Ternus to lead Apple into the age of AI

John Ternus takes over as Apple's chief executive on Tuesday, inheriting a company that towers over the smartphone market but trails its rivals in artificial intelligence.

14 hours ago - TechXplore
‘Nothing to Fear,’ Says Top Investor About Apple Stock

This week, it’s finally happening. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook will pass the reins to long-time company veteran John Ternus, who will be tasked with leading the tech titan. It’s…

1 day ago - TipRanks
Tim Cook wasn't a ‘product guy' — so he re-engineered Apple instead

Tim Cook was no stranger to Apple's earnings calls even before he was asked to temporarily hold down the CEO post for an ailing Steve Jobs.

2 days ago - Market Watch
Load More News
Data Sources: S&P Global Market Intelligence, CBOE, and more
SECTIONS
Stocks
IPOs
ETFs
Private Companies
SERVICES
Stock Analysis Pro
Free Newsletter
Get Support
Install The App
WEBSITE
Login
Create Account
Changelog
Data Sources
Advertise
Help Center
COMPANY
About
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Affiliate Program
Sign in with Google
MARKET NEWSLETTER

Daily market news in bullet point format.

Subscribe
SITE THEME
Light
Dark

© 2026 StockAnalysis.com. All rights reserved.

Do Not Sell or Share my information